A neutron walks into a bar. It asks, “How much for a beer?”. The bartender says, “For you? No charge”.
An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, tavern, public house, Irish bar, drinks, beer…
The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
A horse walks into a bar. The shocked bartender points a finger in alarm and yells, “Hey!”. The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
Comic Sans, Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. “Get out!”, shouts the bartender, "we don’t serve your type here".
Two dragons walk into a bar. One says, “It’s really hot in here”. The other says, “Shut your mouth”.
E-flat walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve minors”.
A dog walks into a bar and asks the bartender, “Do you have any jobs?” The bartender says, “Why don’t you try the circus?” The dog replies, “Why would the circus need a bartender?”
A roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, “Five beers, please”. 
A guy walks into a bar. The second ducks. 
A screwdriver walks into a bar. The barman says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you?". The screwdriver replies, "You have a drink called Phillip?".
A tennis ball walks into a bar. The barman asks, "Have you been served?". 
Dr Who walks into a bar. The barman stops them and says, "Sorry, we don't serve time travellers in here"... Dr Who walks into a bar.
What is the best way to maintain a balanced diet? A cocktail in each hand!
A man walks into a bar and notices a steak hanging from the ceiling. When he asks about it, the bartender says, “If you can jump up and touch it, drinks are on the house all night, but if you miss, everyone’s drinks are on your tab for the next two hours. Do you want to try?” The man decided to not take the risk. He thought the steaks were too high. 
What did the bartender say after Charles Dickens ordered a martini? Olive or Twist? 
What do you call a guy who's had too much to drink? A cab. 
Why didn't the bartender serve the ghost? Because they don't serve spirits. 
A guy asks for a rum and Coke. The bartender replies, "Is Pepsi ok?". The man says, "Yeh, no problem" and is given a Pepsi and Coke. 
